# Media Fundamentals Project #1: Loading and manipulating basic streaming and sampled sounds settings.

# Configuration & Deployment Project #2: Loading & Saving in XML with Localisation

This solution was created using Visual Studio Community 2019 Version 16 Toolset v142.

The project is currently configured to be build and run in Debug and Release mode, both on x64 architecture.

Currently, you can run this project through Visual Studio Solution or directly using its .exe file generated by the Visual Studio.

Don't copy and run the .exe file to another folder since there are assets that are needed to the project run accordingly.

The sensible application developed to both projects is a Tic Tac Toe game that outputs the game to Console Command.

But there's also Graphics being rendered using OpenGL.

All expected inputs needed to be passed while the OpenGL windows is focused, not the console. Except the first one.

Debug messages are only displayed in console when running in Debug Mode.

These are the user inputs expected during gameplay:
1. You'll be asked in console if you want to load uncompressed music sounds files, use [Y/N] or [y/n] to answer.
2. After that, to play the game use the following commands:
- Use Q W E A S D Z X C to place pieces on the board. Use the following description to know where to place pieces:
	Q | W | E
	----------
	A | S | D
	----------
	Z | X | C
- Press 1 to 4 to change game Language OR use the ImGui Menu Languages->Choose your language.
	1 en-US English
	2 pt-BR Portuguese
	3 es-US Spanish
	4 fr-CA French
- Press N to start a new game OR use the ImGui Menu Game->New Game.
- Press Ctrl+K to Save Game OR use the ImGui Menu Game->Save Game.
- Press Ctrl+L to Load Game OR use the ImGui Menu Game->Load Game.
- I left an option to move the OpenGL camera using Arrows, PgUp and PgDn, but these aren't needed to play the game.

Know Issues:
- If using Debug Mode (Release is ok) you can't minimize the OpenGL application. You can change focus to any other application, but don't minimize else it will crash.
- DSP Oscillator is showing at UI and is implemented. But I commented its checkbox activation call because this effect really scared me (this is not a joke).
- The program is not treating accents displayed on CLI
- DSP Attributes are FMOD wide values, even though I'm showing a "Knobs" per channel. So it creates a cool effect of knobs of different channels changing together.